hello I'm Archibald Chesterfield the
third and welcome to the program
how are you miserable nasty
today and today I've got a few offerings
I've got a few watches these belongs to
a good friend of mine who's clearing for
personal reasons and I'd like to put
them on the channel and if anyone's
interested come to me and we'll
negotiate a deal and look I priced them
with I've said to my friend let's price
them fairly
let's give something back to the
audience and that's what that's what
I've tried to do have been a
good little and the first piece
is a tag heuer caliber a GMT chronometer
not a chronograph
a chronometer it's got the the certified
movement in a theorem but it's a really
nice minty new condition piece boxing
papers it's it's a great modern piece
it's it's it's a tag heuer tag away is a
very popular brand very popular brand
and I need for this piece here fucus
I'll tell you what I need I'll tell you
exactly what I need for this
thing I need 2,900 Aussie for it
okay 2,900 Ozzy and that's you know with
the Aussie dollar in the at the
moment that's pretty good buying see the
Aussie dollar has taken a bath so 2,900
ozzie dollars is 2150 u.s. twenty two
thousand one hundred and fifty US
dollars so this is this is good buying
it's a nice lovely piece well cared for
so there you go let me know if you're
interested it's newish only purchased a
couple months ago and it's it's just a
great great piece
and I just want to put it out there
so come on tit out tell me what
you're miserable think nice tag
heuer there's some tag heuer fans in the
audience come on put your money
where your mouth is
I'm Archibald Chesterfield the third
presenting some bargains for my audience
we are specialized in the repair of
Rolex and potentially watches we'll be
doing the same team for more than 25
years we have rolex technicians
certified by Rolex who actually used to
work for the company for many years like
if we do in the work at the factory we
completely disassembled the watch and
you put it to work like brand-new
condition when you get the pre-owned
watch is like if you get in a brand new
unit the only difference is the body